---
layout: post
title:  "This Blog"
date:   2020-11-25 10:47:50 -0500
categories: jekyll update
---

# Hello!

At last, I am back home and on a short break from classes, so I am finally getting
this blog up and running. Interestingly, I don't have a very detailed vision for
this blog just yet, so I am excited to see how both this blog and I myself will
evolve over time. I do, however, have some general goals.

At the time of writing, my GitHub is looking a little... barren, and my old
GitHub hosted site was an exercise from when I was learning the basics of web
design. I have a fair number of projects I have been meaning to do, as well as a
desire to start contributing to open source, but as a student, it is often hard
to find the time to pursue all of these personal projects. The upcoming extended
winter break, however, provides me with a unique opportunity to start acting on
many of my ideas. I plan to use this blog as both a way to keep myself
accountable, but also to document and reflect on my progress as an engineer and
computer scientist. Perhaps eventually, my experiences could even help someone
else!

Currently, I do not write regularly as a way of reflection or journaling,so I
would like to keep the writing somewhat casual, as a way to break down any
initial barriers or hesitations and encourage myself to just put my thoughts down! 

In line with blogging as a outlet for self-expression, I would like to remove
any restrictions on subject matter. I love my engineering projects, but I also
love cooking, hiking and plenty of other things. I want this blog to aid both my
development as an engineer, but as a person as well. As such, while this blog
will primarily be focused on my projects, I won't limit myself from the
occasional off-topic post.

I think these three goals provide a good balance of direction and flexibility
moving forward, and I am excited to see what becomes of this blog! I have about
five days until I start classes again, so maybe I'll be able to knock out a quick
project and post before then!